README.md, before:

### Welcome 🙃

Here's some fun stuff... enjoy!

<table><tr><td valign="top" width="33%">

#### 🏗 Under development 🏗

 - [**iniabu**](https://github.com/galactic-forensics/iniabu):  
   Python API to interact with various solar abundances,
   calculate isotope ratios, etc. 
   *Test, propose ideas, discuss, raise issues,... on the GitHub page!*
 - [**stardustlib**](https://github.com/galactic-forensics/stardustlib):  
   Planning... Python API (later maybe GUI as well) to interact
   with the new and updated [presolar grain database](https://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/lpsc2020/pdf/2140.pdf).

</td><td valign="top" width="34%">

#### ⚡ Current contributions ⚡

 - [**InstrumentKit**](https://github.com/Galvant/InstrumentKit):  
   Instrument control from python - great help for everyday lab work!  
   *Currently extending the test suite for easier development.*

</td><td valign="top" width="33%">

#### ✨ Some fun projects ✨
 - [**fbs with github actions**](https://github.com/trappitsch/fbs-release-github-actions):  
   Write a PyQt python program, package it with [fbs](https://build-system.fman.io),
   push to github, and actions take care of the packaging and releasing.
   For people like me that are too lazy to do it manually...
 - [**Coordinate Transformation**](https://github.com/trappitsch/CoordinateTransformation):
   Not my prettiest code, but functional.
   Transform coordinates for finding your samples again in different instruments.
 - [**Other fun projects**](https://galactic-forensics.space/resources/links/):
   More stuff that I didn't write, check it out! 🔭

</td></tr></table>


Want to know more? Feel free to visit my website 🌠
[https://galactic-forensics.space](https://galactic-forensics.space) 🌠

Commit message:

Update the personal descriptions
- Move iniabu to contributions
- Add class :)

README.md, after:

### Welcome 🙃

Here's **some** fun stuff... enjoy!

<table><tr><td valign="top" width="33%">

#### 🏗 Under development 🏗

 - [**stardustlib**](https://github.com/galactic-forensics/stardustlib):  
   Planning... Python API (later maybe GUI as well) to interact
   with the new and updated [presolar grain database](https://www.hou.usra.edu/meetings/lpsc2020/pdf/2140.pdf).


</td><td valign="top" width="34%">

#### ⚡ Current contributions ⚡

 - [**iniabu**](https://github.com/galactic-forensics/iniabu) (Maintainer):  
   Python API to interact with various solar abundances,
   calculate isotope ratios, etc. 
   *Test, propose ideas, discuss, raise issues,... on the GitHub page!*
 - [**Origin of the Elements** :open_book:](https://github.com/galactic-forensics/lecture_origin_elements/):  
   Class initially held at [Brandeis University](https://www.brandeis.edu)
   in spring 2021.
 - [**InstrumentKit**](https://github.com/Galvant/InstrumentKit):  
   Instrument control from python - great help for everyday lab work!  
   *Currently extending the test suite for easier development.*

</td><td valign="top" width="33%">

#### ✨ Fun projects ✨
 - [**fbs with github actions**](https://github.com/trappitsch/fbs-release-github-actions):  
   Write a PyQt python program, package it with [fbs](https://build-system.fman.io),
   push to github, and actions take care of the packaging and releasing.
   For people like me that are too lazy to do it manually...
 - [**Coordinate Transformation**](https://github.com/trappitsch/CoordinateTransformation):
   Not my prettiest code, but functional.
   Transform coordinates for finding your samples again in different instruments.
 - [**Other fun projects**](https://galactic-forensics.space/resources/links/):
   More stuff that I didn't write, check it out! 🔭

</td></tr></table>


Want to know more? Feel free to visit my website 🌠
[https://galactic-forensics.space](https://galactic-forensics.space) 🌠
